Welcome back.
So we're just going to go ahead and do what I did here.
You see I just added a second line second second set of functions if you will.
These are setters and I've added to comments here it says setter's sorry.
Here it says getters and down below it says setter's.
These comments are complete are not affecting the code in any way.
This is purely for your convenience.
Now over here we have our three previous Get functions get methods where getters and down below.
I have created three new setters so this will enable the setting of each day month and year.
In an individual fashion you basically just set the set month to year.
We won't need to set them all at once.
It kindled.
I don't need to write this comment.
This is just something that I wrote for my self.
No big deal.
Also what did we do here.
I moved these variables out of the public and I have moved the public down below so the public only
encompasses the methods and it does not encompass the attributes the attributes are now private and
cannot be and are not visible outside of the class.
They can only be accessed through the methods within the classes which are in public so you can only
get.
You can only retrieve the value of the day through a getter so get they which will return the value
of the day and you can only set it by using this setter or by using this general setter for all three
attributes.
No other way.
It's fairly it's a fairly simple concept this is all that I have added in terms of code.
These three functions and I have moved the public from the top to here and now these to be variables
are there.
Now we can directly set each of our attributes some other object oriented programming principles that
you should have somewhere in the back of your mind are basically hiding information which is already
known.
This is what we have done here.
Look we have had these three attributes.
There are no longer visible at all outside the class winning we're protecting them in a way.
You also have encapsulation where logically.
Basically just grouping the variables and there are two other principles over which we show which will
be explained down to down the long line as it's not really convenient for me to explain them now due
to the fact that they are rather complex things.
You have inheritance and polymorphism.
Maybe not that complex but it can get complicated.
Anyway those two will be explained later on down the line.
But for the time being I just want to show you how you can protect your attributes and hide them and
then only allow access to these attributes through the given functions which you yourself have defined
so.
No other function outside through the methods that you yourself have provided.
What does this what does this mean for you.
No other method outside of this class it can mess around with these directly.
They can only alter them and they can only be altered through the methods provided down below so void
said they said months that year.
Why am I writing it all in one line function like this.
I might have just as well written it in this fashion
but since I only have one line of one very short line of code within the function that's like no problem.
They keep calling it a function it's a method because it's inside of a class.
It's pretty much the same.
I could have written it like this but no need.
No need to waste space because of as efficient as you can.
And I just placed all of these in one single single line.
Here I can even compile the program.
Let's see if it runs and no it doesn't.
Right right right right.
OK.
Genius.
I am a genius
OK.
This is why you should compile it all the time while coding.
So enter data and then
2010 enter data center the 7th of 2010 and down below it says month then this is irrelevant.
The reason why I actually compile the code we will get to this a little bit later.
I mean we have written it out so we know how it works but what is important is that you click this build
and run button as many times as possible during the time when you write the code and not pressing it
that many times now because I have the code written out on the screen but it's good it's a good it's
a good practice to continuously build your code while you are coding so that you can preemptively see
where the errors lie and not write the entire code and then run it and then get 3 billion errors and
then go fix them one by one you fix one you create another.
Now while you're coding while you're creating the code presbyters many times as you can compile your
code and see what happens anyway.
I'm going to go ahead and bid you farewell here.
This is just a short fragment of the first part of this video that I had to basically split and place
it in part two but I just want to show you that you can also use the getters and move your attributes
into the pry into the private section so that it would not do so they would not be visible and would
be hidden effectively from pretty much everything else.
Anyway we're going to go ahead and move on into the follow up tutorial.
Don't delete anything.
We shall still be utilizing this class and possibly expanding it as well.
We're going to have some fun with exceptions.